TubeTK Segment Tubes Application
================================

---
*This file is part of [TubeTK](http://www.tubetk.org). TubeTK is developed by [Kitware, Inc.](https://www.kitware.com) and licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).*

#### Overview:

Computes the segmentation for the vessels/tubes based on input seed points, mask image, and other parameters.

#### Command line usage:

```
   SegmentTubes  [--returnparameterfile <std::string>]
                 [--processinformationaddress <std::string>] [--xml]
                 [--echo] [-o <std::string>] [-P <std::string>] [-b
                 <double>] [-v <std::string>] [-e <std::string>] [-R
                 <std::string>] [-T <int>] [-S <std::string>] [-M
                 <std::string>] [-p <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>] ...
                 [-i <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>] ...  [-s <double>]
                 [-f <std::string>] [--] [--version] [-h] <std::string>
                 <std::string>


Where:

   --returnparameterfile <std::string>
     Filename in which to write simple return parameters (int, float,
     int-vector, etc.) as opposed to bulk return parameters (image,
     geometry, transform, measurement, table).

   --processinformationaddress <std::string>
     Address of a structure to store process information (progress, abort,
     etc.). (default: 0)

   --xml
     Produce xml description of command line arguments (default: 0)

   --echo
     Echo the command line arguments (default: 0)

   -o <std::string>,  -- <std::string>
     Output binary mask of extracted tubes

   -P <std::string>,  --parametersFile <std::string>
     Parameters for ridge and radius extraction

   -b <double>,  --border <double>
     Distance from edge (in voxels) to ignore (default: 5)

   -v <std::string>,  --existingVessels <std::string>
     Vessels already extracted by previous runs of SegmentTubes

   -e <std::string>,  --existingVesselsMask <std::string>
     Vessel mask generated by previous runs of SegmentTubes

   -R <std::string>,  --radiusInputVolume <std::string>
     Use for radius estimation instead of input image

   -T <int>,  --seedMaskStride <int>
     Only use 1/stride seed points (default: 4)

   -S <std::string>,  --scaleMask <std::string>
     Intensity is initial extraction scale for that point

   -M <std::string>,  --seedMask <std::string>
     Image mask where non-zero values are used as seeds.

   -p <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>,  --seedP
      <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>  (accepted multiple times)
     Phisycal coordinate seed for ridge extraction

   -i <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>,  --seedI
      <std::vector<std::vector<float> >>  (accepted multiple times)
     Continuous index for starting ridge extraction

   -s <double>,  --scale <double>
     Scale used for ridge measures (default: 2)

   -f <std::string>,  --seedList <std::string>
     List seed points stored in a file

   --,  --ignore_rest
     Ignores the rest of the labeled arguments following this flag.

   --version
     Displays version information and exits.

   -h,  --help
     Displays usage information and exits.

   <std::string>
     (required)  Input volume

   <std::string>
     (required)  Output tube file


   Description: Extracts a 1D scaled ridge and estimate its radius in an ND
   image.

   Author(s): Stephen R. Aylward (Kitware)

   Acknowledgements: This work is part of the TubeTK project at Kitware.
